.\" Process this file with
.\" groff -man -Tascii foo.1
.\"
.TH cvmfs-test 1 "July 2012" Linux "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
cvmfs-test \- Test cvmfs features.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cvmfs [--i] [--c | --command
.I command
.B ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B cvmfs-test
framework to test the behaviour of
.B CernVM File System.
It's used to check regression in newer
version of the software and to test new features.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP --i
Start it in interactive mode.
When you start it in interactive mode, you
will be presented with a shell that will accept
several commands. Type
.B help
to find a list of available commands. This is the
default behaviour when
.B cvmfs-test
is invoked without any option.
.IP "--c command | --command command"
Execute 
.B command
and exit. Where
.B command
is one of the command accepted by the shell
during an interactive session.
.SH FILES
.I /etc/foo.conf
.RS
The system wide configuration file. See
.BR foo (5)
for further details.
.RE
.I ~/.foorc
.RS
Per user configuration file. See
.BR foo (5)
for further details.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.IP FOOCONF
If non-null the full pathname for an alternate system wide
.IR foo.conf .
Overridden by the
.B -c
option.
.SH DIAGNOSTICS
The following diagnostics may be issued on stderr:
 
Bad magic number.
.RS
The input file does not look like an archive file.
.RE
Old style baz segments.
.RS
.B foo
can only handle new style baz segments. COBOL
object libraries are not supported in this version.
.SH BUGS
The command name should have been chosen more carefully
to reflect its purpose.
.SH AUTHOR
Francesco Ruvolo <ruvolof
.B at
gmail
.B dot
com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR bar (1),
.BR foo (5),
.BR xyzzy (1)
